---
title: "Knowledge Base"
source: "https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?language=en_US&channel=Sponsored+Products&article=000008385"
author:
published:
created: 2026-04-13
description:
tags:
  - "clippings"
---
Loading

Loading

Loading

Loading

Sponsored Products

Loading

Loading

## Table of contents

[General terms](#general-terms)

[Campaign performance metrics](#campaign-performance-metrics)

[Impression share metrics](#impression-share-metrics)

[Invalid traffic report metrics](#invalid-traffic-report-metrics)

## General terms

<table><thead><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Term</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Definition</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Ad group</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Ad groups exist within a campaign as a container where you manage your items and keywords (if applicable).</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Ad group ID</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A unique numerical identifier for your ad group.</p></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Ad spend</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Total amount spent by an advertiser. Ad spend is calculated by adding up the cost paid per click.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Advertised item ID</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The Walmart online item ID of your advertised item.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> An ID of <em>1001</em> is used for the video player in Sponsored Videos campaigns and the branding assets of Sponsored Brands campaigns.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Advertised item name</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The name of your campaign’s advertised item.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> <em>Logo</em> or <em>null</em> may appear in reports as the item name for the video player in Sponsored Videos campaigns and the branding assets in Sponsored Brands campaigns.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Advertiser ID</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A unique numerical identifier for your advertising account, typically with 5–10 characters.  </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Attribution type</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Attribution type refers to whether an ad attributed item sale was the same as the advertised item or other items in the same variant group (an Advertised item sale) or is a different item with the same brand and Seller ID as the advertised item (Other item sale).</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Automatic campaign</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A campaign type where Walmart determines when to serve Sponsored Products ads based on keywords identified from product titles, descriptions, product listings, product category and related products.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Bid</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The maximum amount you are willing to pay when a customer clicks on your ad.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Bidded keyword</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The normalized word or set of words that advertisers have identified as those they want to bid on to target ads to customers. Ads can be targeted by matching bidded keywords with a number of attributes, including searched keyword, item name or browse page name.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Brand</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Refers to the brand assigned to your advertised item and is managed in Supplier One or Seller Center.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> If the brand of an advertised item is changed mid-campaign, historical brand-level delivery data will not be retroactively updated.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Buy Box</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The box on an item page where customers begin the purchase process by adding an item to their cart. Since multiple sellers can offer the same product, you may compete with other sellers to appear in the Buy Box. If your advertised item is not winning the Buy Box, it will not be eligible to serve ad impressions. You can maximize your chance of winning the Buy Box by providing the best overall shopping experience for the customer. This may include, but is not limited to, offering the best price, fast and reliable delivery, easy returns, excellent customer service and overall experience.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Sponsored Products ad placement located on the product page below the Buy Box.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Buy in store purchase</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Customer purchases made at a Walmart store point of sale.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Campaign</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A framework for managing your ads so that you can accomplish your desired goals. The essential elements of a campaign include campaign name, start and end date, total budget and daily budget.</p><p><strong>Note</strong>: Bids and advertised item IDs are assigned at an ad group level.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Campaign ID</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A unique numerical identifier for your campaign.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Carousel</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A type of Sponsored Products ad placement that is typically located at the bottom of search results, category pages and browse pages and mid-way down item pages. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Daily budget</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The maximum amount you want to spend in a day.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Digital purchase</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Customer purchases made on the Walmart site or app point-of-sale and fulfilled via shipping, pickup or delivery.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Keyword</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The word or set of words a customer searches for or an advertiser uses to target their ads.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Manual campaign</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A campaign type where you select the keywords that you want to bid on. Depending on the match type, the Sponsored Products ad will display for that bidded search term.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Marketplace seller</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A Marketplace seller utilizes the Walmart website to display their inventory; the items are sold by the seller.</p><p><strong>Note</strong>: Sellers are sometimes referred to as third party inventory.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Normalized query</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Ensures that variations of a keyword (e.g., book and books, resume and résumé) are treated as the same term.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> All keyword bidding at Walmart Connect is normalized, meaning advertisers do not need to enter common variations into their bidding settings.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Omni purchase</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Customer purchases made across all available Walmart sales channels, including digital and buy in store.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Other item</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Any items from the same brand and seller account as your advertised item.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Page type</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Placement</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The ad slot location within a Walmart site or app page that your ad was served on, such as:</p><div><ul><li>Browse In-grid</li><li>Buy Box</li><li>Carousel</li><li>Search In-grid</li></ul></div></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Primary variant</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The primary variant (formerly Base ID) of a variant group represents the default item shown in search results and on the item page.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> For Sponsored Brands and Sponsored Videos campaigns, only a primary variant can be an Advertised Item.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Revenue</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The dollar value associated when someone sees your ad, clicks on the ad and then makes a purchase.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Search In-grid</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A premium Sponsored Products ad placement located within the grid of results of search, browse and category pages. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Searched keyword</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The specific, non-normalized query searched by a user.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Seller Center</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A portal where Marketplace sellers can manage their products.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Supplier</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Suppliers sell items to Walmart — these items are sold and shipped to customers by Walmart.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> Suppliers are sometimes referred to as first party inventory.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Supplier One</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>A portal where suppliers can manage their products.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Total budget</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The maximum amount you are willing to spend during the life of the campaign.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Variant group</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>To optimize the site experience for our online customers, Walmart uses variant groups to showcase similar items of the same brand and style on one item page. Items in a variant group may differ by up to three attributes (e.g., color, size, pattern). While common in Apparel, variant groups can exist in any department. One variant group may include both first-party items (Walmart-owned, Supplier originated) and third-party items (Seller/Marketplace). Each item in a variant group retains a unique online item ID.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Campaign performance metrics

<table><thead><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Metric</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Definition</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Advertised add to cart</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total number of times Advertised items are added to a customer’s cart within the chosen attribution window after a Sponsored Search ad click.  </p><p><strong>Note:</strong> Multiple units of the same item count as separate events. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Advertised item sales</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total attributed sales revenue generated on Walmart’s site or app by your advertised items or any items in the associated variant group.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Advertised item units</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of ad attributed units of your advertised item or any items in the associated variant group which were purchased on Walmart’s site or app.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Advertised product detail page views</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total number of times customers view the item page for your Advertised items within the specified attribution window following a Sponsored Search ad click.  </p><p><strong>Note:</strong> This metric counts all visits, not unique customers; for example, if one customer views 10 item pages, it records 10 views. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Average CPC</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The average amount you paid per click.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Clicks</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The net number of times your ads are clicked, after general invalid traffic filtration.*</p></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Click-through rate (CTR)</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of clicks divided by the number of impressions.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Conversion rate</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The rate of total orders divided by clicks.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Cost-per-click (CPC)</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The amount you will pay each time a customer clicks your ad.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Impressions***</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The net number of times your ads are delivered, after general invalid traffic filtration.*</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>In-store advertised sales (beta)**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The attributed sales revenue from items bought in store at Walmart where the purchased items match or are in the variant group of the advertised items.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>In-store attributed sales (beta)**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The attributed sales revenue associated with orders bought in a store at Walmart.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>In-store orders (beta)**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of orders bought in store at Walmart attributed to the campaign.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> This includes orders with both advertised and other items.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>In-store other sales (beta)**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The attributed sales revenue associated with items bought in store at Walmart where the purchased items do not directly match the advertised items or its variants but are from the same brand and Seller ID.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>In-store units sold (beta)**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of units sold bought in store at Walmart attributed to the campaign.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> This includes both advertised and other items.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>New-to-brand orders**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of first-time orders for products within the same brand as the clicked ad over a one-year lookback window.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>New-to-brand sales revenue**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total attributed sales of new-to-brand units.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>New-to-brand units**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of units purchased from new-to-brand orders.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Orders**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Purchase orders made by a customer on the Walmart site or app after clicking on an advertised item and is counted for any advertised or other item within the same brand if the customer has initially clicked on an advertised item for that brand.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Other add to cart</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total number of times Other items are added to a customer’s cart within the chosen attribution window after a Sponsored Search ad click.  </p><p><strong>Note:</strong> Multiple units of the same item count as separate events. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Other item sales</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total attributed sales revenue generated by other item units.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Other item units</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of ad attributed units sold of items with the same brand and Seller ID as your advertised item (but not your advertised item or associated variant group items) which were purchased on Walmart's site or app.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Other product detail page views</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total number of times customers view the item page for items sharing the same brand and seller account as the advertised item within the specified attribution window following a Sponsored Search ad click.  </p><p><strong>Note:</strong> This metric counts all visits, not unique customers; for example, if one customer views 10 item pages, it records 10 views. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Percentage of orders new-to-brand **</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The percentage of orders that are new-to-brand, calculated by dividing new-to-brand orders by orders.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Percentage of sales new-to-brand **</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The percentage of total attributed sales that is new-to-brand, calculated by dividing new-to-brand sales revenue by total attributed sales.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Percentage of units new-to-brand **</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The percentage of units sold that are new-to-brand, calculated by dividing new-to-brand units by units sold. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Return on ad spend (ROAS)**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Calculated by dividing the total attributed sales revenue by the ad spend.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> ROAS is represented as an index (multiplier) dollar value rather than a percent.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Total add to cart</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total number of times Advertised or Other items are added to a customer’s cart within the chosen attribution window after a Sponsored Search ad click.  </p><p><strong>Note:</strong> Multiple units of the same item count as separate events. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Total attributed sales revenue**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>Value of sales revenue generated from your units sold.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> Store attributed sales are not included.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Total product detail page views</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The total number of times customers view the item page for your Advertised or Other Items within the specified attribution window following a Sponsored Search ad click.  </p><p><strong>Note:</strong> This metric counts all visits, not unique customers; for example, if one customer views 10 item pages, it records 10 views. </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Units sold**</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of items belonging to the same brand and Seller ID as your clicked advertised item (including the advertised item and its variants) which were purchased on Walmart’s site or app within the chosen attribution window.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

\*General invalid traffic is traffic identified through routine means of filtration through the application of industry lists or with other standardized parameter checks. [Learn more.](https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?channel=Sponsored%20Products&article=000012369)

\*\*Conversion metrics are based on a click of the ad.

\*\*\*For Sponsored Brands and Sponsored Videos campaign types, each clickable and chargeable ad component, such as logo or video player, counts as a separate impression. Sponsored Videos campaigns began incorporating video player impressions into iImpressions starting May 1, 2025. Video player impressions are counted only once, even if the video plays multiple times.

## Impression share metrics

<table><thead><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Metric</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Definition</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The number of search queries that received an ad impression compared against the total number of queries eligible to receive an ad impression, as long as budget is not a constraint.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Search term impression rank</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The rank of an advertiser's total impressions for a given search term compared against other advertisers for the same search term and time period.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The number of search queries that received an ad impression in "Top of Search" compared to the total number of queries eligible to receive an ad impression in "Top of Search"  as long as budget is not a constraint.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Top of Search - search term impression rank</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p>The rank of an advertiser's total impressions for a given search term in "Top of Search" compared to other advertisers for the same search term and time period in "Top of Search" as long as budget is not a constraint.</p></td></tr></thead></table>

## Invalid traffic report metrics

<table><thead><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p><strong>Metric</strong></p></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Definition</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid clicks</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The number of invalid clicks from your ads where general invalid traffic (GIVT) was identified.*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid click rate</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The percentage of ad clicks that were removed after general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration. This is calculated by dividing invalid clicks by clicks.*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid impressions</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The number of invalid impressions from your ads where general invalid traffic (GIVT) was identified.*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid impression rate</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The percentage of invalid ad impressions that were removed after general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration. This is calculated by dividing invalid impressions by impressions.*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid item clicks</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The number of invalid Item clicks where general invalid traffic (GIVT) was identified.*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid item click rate</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The percentage of invalid item clicks that were removed after general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration. This is calculated by dividing Invalid Item clicks by total clicks.* </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid item impressions</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The number of invalid item impressions where general invalid traffic (GIVT) was identified.*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Invalid item impression rate</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The percentage of invalid item impressions that were removed after general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration. This is calculated by dividing invalid item impressions by total impressions.* </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Item clicks</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The net number of times your ads for a specific item are clicked (i.e. Sponsored Products ads + Sponsored Brands ads + Sponsored Videos companion product ads), after general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration*.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Item CTR</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The number of Item clicks divided by the number of Item impressions. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Item impressions</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The net number of times that ads for a specific item are shown (i.e. Sponsored Products ads + Sponsored Brands ads + Sponsored Videos companion product ads), after general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration*.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Total clicks</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The total number of times your product and video ads are clicked before general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration occurs.*  </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"><strong>Total impressions</strong></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The total number of times your ads are delivered before general invalid traffic (GIVT) filtration occurs.* </td></tr></thead></table>

\*General invalid traffic is traffic identified through routine means of filtration through the application of industry lists or with other standardized parameter checks. [Learn more.](https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?channel=Sponsored%20Products&article=000012369)

How can we improve?

 Article wasn't accurate

 Article wasn't relevant

 Article wasn't clear

 Yes, you may contact me about this feedback.

Loading

Knowledge Base