---
title: "Knowledge Base"
source: "https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?language=en_US&channel=Sponsored+Products&article=000010103"
author:
published:
created: 2026-04-13
description:
tags:
  - "clippings"
---
Loading

Loading

Loading

Loading

Sponsored Products

Loading

Loading

  
  
*Last updated February 26, 2026*

  
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined below shall have the respective meanings set forth in the [Amended IAB Terms](https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?channel=Sponsored&article=000010102) for the Walmart Connect Advertising Program. Media Company shall have the right to update Products Terms from time to time to incorporate new terms for new products offered by Media Company at any time in its sole discretion by posting such modifications here, which shall have immediate effect.

1. **Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning**
	1. **Media Company Use of Artificial Intelligence.** Many of the products, services and features offered across Media Company’s digital properties, including products listed in the applicable IO, make use of artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities (collectively, “AI/ML-Powered Tools”). Such AI/ML-Powered Tools may collect and process data, including to assist Advertisers with campaign creation and optimization as outlined below. Materials and data made available to Media Company may be used to train and improve these tools. Some of these AI-Powered Tools may offer the ability to generate Advertising Materials. Such tools are provided as a convenience to Advertiser, and Advertiser is solely responsible for reviewing Advertising Materials for accuracy and non-infringement. **Media Company disclaims all liability with respect to inaccurate or infringing content produced by the AI/ML Powered Tools.**
		2. Some of these AI/ML-Powered Tools surface insights and recommendations related to Media Company’s products and services (e.g., campaign optimization recommendations) which are derived from AI/machine leaning models that generate predictions based on patterns in data. Such insights and recommendations are provided to assist Advertiser in optimizing their use of Media Company’s products and services, but Media Company cannot guarantee any future performance results for Advertiser campaigns. Advertiser should review and validate all information provided before making decisions based on any Media Company recommendations. Advertiser and its end users are responsible for all decisions made, advice given, actions taken, and failures to take action based on the use of any of the AI/ML-Powered Tools.
2. **Advertiser/Agency Use of Artificial Intelligence****.** Subject to the restrictions herein, Advertiser and any Agency authorized to act on its behalf, are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use reports provided or made available by Media Company and other Media Company Confidential Information, as and to the extent applicable, in and/or in connection with AI/ML-Powered Tools, solely for purposes of campaign analysis in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Advertiser/Agency agrees to use any AI/ML Tools that process Media Company Confidential Information in a private-tenant environment with appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to ensure Advertiser/Agency are the only customers who may access the inputs, outputs, or prompt logs containing Media Company Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Advertiser and Agency agree not to use Media Company Confidential Information (which includes, for clarity, any data and reports provided to Advertiser or Agency in connection with the Services) with AI/ML Tools, (i) to train, fine-tune, or otherwise improve any AI/ML Tools (ii) for purposes of developing, providing, or using a product or service similar to or that competes with Media Company’s products and services; (iii) for the benefit of any third party, and (iv) with respect to an Agency, for the benefit of any advertiser other than the Advertiser for whose campaign the Media Company Confidential Information relates.
	1. Advertiser and Agency, as applicable, shall implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Media Company Confidential Information processed by any AI/ML Tools, and the applicable AI/ML Tools, from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. It is Advertiser’s and/or Agency’s responsibility to ensure its compliance with any laws, rules, and regulations applicable to its use of AI/ML Tools, including any laws specific to artificial intelligence.
3. **Walmart Digital Out of Home & Walmart In-store Audio**
	1. Advertisers represent and warrant that they are not aware of any reason that the content of their advertisement could not be used in any of the contracted locations or placements. Media Company shall have the right to review and approve or reject, in its sole discretion, all Advertising Materials. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the IAB Terms, Media Company shall have the right to modify the technical specifications of the Advertising Materials in order to display or play, as applicable.
		2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Media Company shall have the right to cancel, pause or delay any campaign, without prior notice, due to 1) regulatory, compliance, or reputational risks or concerns in connection with the advertisement (including as related to the Advertiser or the Advertiser’s products or services), 2) Force Majeure events or those events that are outside of Media Company’s control, 3) concerns relating to product availability, 4) violation of Walmart Connect’s policies, including but not limited to the Walmart Connect Ad Policies, and 5) unsatisfactory technical quality.
		3. There may be up to a 4% variance with the number of stores in which the placements will be delivered. No makegoods will be required for this variance.
		4. **Walmart Digital Out of Home**
		- Walmart Digital Out of Home placements are not guaranteed to be audible or otherwise play audio.
				- The cancelation terms set forth in the Walmart Connect Amended IAB Terms apply, provided however that Advertiser agrees and acknowledges that Advertiser shall not be permitted to cancel a campaign once Media Company begins production on any custom creative assets.
				- Due to the nature of Digital Out of Home advertisements, make goods may not be available, and Media Company may instead decide not to bill the advertiser for any media which has not yet run (or otherwise will provide the Advertiser with on-site ad credits for any pre-paid media).
		5. **Walmart In-store Audio**
		- In-store Audio campaigns are non-cancellable once an IO has been signed by Advertiser.
				- Audio volume may vary by store.
				- Due to the nature of in-store audio ads, Media Company may determine the times the ads will air during the hour, or other agreed upon timeframe, and may cancel any transmission or portion thereof in order to transmit any messaging which it deems to be of public significance or for in-store communications. In addition, makegoods may not be available and Media Company may decide, in its sole discretion, to offer a credit for future placements. If Media Company assists with the creation of an In-store Audio advertisement ("Walmart Created Ad"):
			- Advertiser shall remain liable for all Ad Materials provided and for any of its acts or omissions that result in any errors or delays, including but not limited to production timelines.
						- Media Company shall own all right, title and license to the Walmart Created Ad, and grants Advertiser a limited license to make use of the Walmart Created Ad solely for a Walmart In-store Audio campaign. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Advertiser shall retain ownership of all Advertiser-provided Ad Materials.
						- For the avoidance of doubt, contribution to, creation or approval of Ads or any Advertising Materials by Media Company shall not limit Advertiser’s indemnification obligations.
4. **AXT Program** — The following additional terms shall apply to any campaigns which are part of the AXT Program
	1. **Offsite via Walmart DSP.**
		- In connection with Advertiser’s use of the Walmart DSP via managed serve or self-serve, the following additional terms shall apply.
			- Ad content submitted by Advertiser must comply with any ad content guidelines and restrictions applicable to Ads that are purchased through the Walmart DSP including, without limitation, the Walmart Connect’s advertising policies, as well as the TradeDesk Ad Content Guidelines available within the TD Wiki (or successor URL), and TD’s security requirements and any applicable Inventory Partner ad standards and technical requirements.
						- All services, products, features, and functionality of the Walmart DSP are subject to change.
						- If 3rd-party impression monitoring and blocking Tags are approved by Media Company for use, Advertiser shall provide weekly reporting to Media Company for campaign optimization.
						- A Third Party Ad Server may be used to track impressions for offsite campaigns delivered through the Walmart DSP, provided that the Walmart DSP’s ad server (such as The Trade Desk’s ad server) shall be the Controlling Measurement for billing purposes. If the difference between the Walmart DSP ad server and the Third Party Ad Server measurement exceeds 10% over the billing period, and the total number of impressions measured by the Third Party Ad Server are lower than those measured by the Walmart DSP ad server, the parties shall mutually investigate such discrepancy, and if the discrepancy is confirmed, the Advertiser’s sole remedy will be for Media Company to provide a makegood in the form of either a credit towards onsite media or a discount on Walmart DSP fees equal to the amount charged for impressions in excess of the 10% discrepancy.
						- Purchases of connected TV inventory may be subject to additional terms.
						- Media Company may append certain parameters to the URL for Advertiser’s Ads to enable campaign analytics.
		2. **Offsite via other Platforms (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Google Search, Vizio)**
		- Ad content submitted by Advertiser must comply with any ad content guidelines and restrictions applicable to Ads that will appear offsite and/or on any other social or other offsite platforms where Ads are authorized or directed to appear pursuant to any IO, including with respect to Ads appearing on (e.g.,Facebook, Vizio, and Pinterest.)
				- **Vizio Inventory.** With respect to any Ads served into inventory that VIZIO sells or represents, Advertiser and its Agency will comply with, and, in the case of Agency, will share with Advertiser, the VIZIO Advertising Guidelines (currently available at [https://www.vizio.com/en/ad-guidelines](https://urldefense.com/v3/__https:/www.vizio.com/en/ad-guidelines__;!!IfjTnhH9!UI_fXGIzni6pBHgzHqEAEezkExObqq0cdANJXLPM24OXoo_Nt7V6Y7MHZImZi-txDNIfmhdV9oUkMGo2iiZUuQH1mys$), as may be updated from time to time), which is considered a Policy.  In addition, if Advertiser or its Agency controls the programming against which the inventory is sold on the Site, VIZIO (and Walmart) assumes no responsibility for any claims originating or related to such programming. For clarity, neither Vizio nor Walmart take responsibility for programming against which ad inventory is delivered, to the extent that they do not own, produce or control such programming.
				- Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, campaign reporting shall be provided at the end of the applicable campaign, unless such other cadence is agreed by the parties. For the avoidance of doubt, Media Company and Advertiser acknowledge and agree that campaign performance data may be shared with offsite platforms in order to generate campaign performance reports and optimize campaign performance.
				- No 3rd party Tags are approved for use in connection with Offsite/Third Party Platform Ad Deliverables, except as set forth herein with respect to Ads delivered via the Walmart DSP or as otherwise approved by Media Company and the applicable platform.
				- Billing for all social and other third party Network Property line items (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Google or other Paid Search Engine Marketing) will be based on the specific platform’s reporting metrics, and not third party tracking systems. Media Company cannot validate the effectiveness or accuracy of the data collected from such platforms.
		3. **AXT Program disclaimers.** The AXT Program is provided for the benefit of Advertiser/Agency, to enable the delivery of their Ads to offsite inventory with Walmart audiences. Given the nature of the AXT Program, and that the inventory and services are being provided by third parties, Media Company takes no responsibility for any of the services, tools, or products provided by such third-party platforms, and the third party platform terms shall apply to the delivery of the Ads.
5. **On-site Remnant Inventory.**
	1. The following additional terms shall apply to any campaigns which include the delivery of remnant inventory deliverables.
		2. "Remnant Inventory Deliverables" consist of on-site inventory sold on a CPM basis and are not guaranteed.
		3. If an IO contains Remnant Inventory Deliverables, Media Company shall have no obligation to deliver such Deliverables or utilize any budget allocated for such Deliverables on the IO, provided that Advertiser shall only be obligated to pay for the Remnant Inventory Deliverables actually delivered. Remnant Inventory Deliverables are not subject to any delivery guarantees, including even delivery. Viewability standards or other performance metrics are not available for such Deliverables, and Media Company shall have no obligation to optimize the delivery of such inventory. Unless otherwise agreed-upon in the applicable IO, Remnant Inventory Deliverables shall be subject to the same cancellation terms as certain other non-guaranteed CPM Deliverables, as set forth in Section V(a)(ii) of the IAB Terms. The purchase of Remnant Inventory Deliverables may be subject to additional terms and conditions agreed-upon in writing by the parties (e.g., caps on percentage of budget allocated to such Deliverables per campaign).
6. **BYOD/Targeting Data.**
	1. To the extent Advertiser had been invited to participate in the Walmart Connect Bring Your Own Data (BYOD) program or otherwise shares any data with Media Company for targeting and/or audience building (“Targeting Data”), in connection with any campaigns, whether such data is shared directly by Advertiser (or another entity on Advertiser’s behalf) with Walmart, a Network Property or other offsite platform, or indirectly via a third party, including, without limitation, any data collaborations administered and executed through the Walmart data clean room, LiveRamp, Inc.’s Safe Haven offering, or another third-party clean room provider, the following terms shall apply.
		2. Advertiser shall hash or tokenize all Targeting Data prior to transmitting it to Media Company such that it cannot be readily used to identify an individual, and to the extent that Advertiser requests its Targeting Data be used on offsite platforms, it shall comply with any applicable data use restrictions or terms of such platform. Targeting Data will be considered data shared by the Advertiser with Media Company and subject to the terms applicable thereto in Section 32(e) of the Amended IAB Terms, and otherwise treated as Your Materials as defined under the Walmart Connect Ad Center Platform Terms of Use. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Advertiser further represents and warrants that: (i) the Targeting Data is not collected from child-directed services and does not contain any information on individuals under the age of eighteen (18); and (ii) Targeting Data does not include any information regarding an individual user’s specific health condition, Protected Health Information (as defined under HIPAA), or any information regarding health or anything else that would considered “sensitive” under Applicable Laws or industry self-regulatory organizations. In addition, Advertiser represents that (x) it shall provide clear and conspicuous notice to consumers about its information collection and sharing practices, including in particular for advertising purposes by third parties, and access to opt-in or opt-out of such data collection as is required by Applicable Laws or otherwise in accordance with industry standard self-regulatory principles; (y) where required, Advertiser shall offer its consumers the right to (i) opt out of the disclosing of data for targeted marketing, and (ii) exercise data subject requests and shall ensure such opt outs/requests are appropriately honored and/or communicated to Media Company if applicable.
		3. For clarity, Advertiser may be required to enter into additional terms relating to such BYOD or data collaboration program directly with Walmart and/or any third-party clean room provider(s), depending on the nature and purposes of the proposed data collaboration, the technical method for transmission of Targeting Data, and the parties involved in executing such data collaboration.
7. **Platform Content.** If delivery of the campaign will involve the use and/or creation of Custom Material and/or Media Company Advertising Materials (as defined in the IAB Terms) supplied by Media Company, including Media Company’s creation of custom content (e.g. Walmart advertising templates), Brand Pages, and native advertising, or the provision of related creative services and creation of content for Advertiser’s Ads or any of the foregoing (the results of which shall be collectively referred to herein as, "Platform Content"), the parties agree that the following terms will apply:
	1. **Ownership.** Unless otherwise set forth in the IO, and except with respect to any Advertising Materials incorporated therein, Media Company retains all right, title and interest in Platform Content, subject to any usage rights agreed upon with Advertiser in the IO or otherwise in writing. Platform Content includes all custom content creation, development and creative services provide by Media Company or on its behalf. All Platform Content may only be used with Media Company’s prior authorization and in accordance with Media Company’s instructions, if any, and Advertiser shall cease any use at Media Company’s request to the extent Media Company believes such use raises a legal, compliance, regulatory, or reputational concern.
		2. **Clearance of and Right to Use Advertising Materials in Platform Content.** Advertiser is responsible for all Advertising Materials provided to Media Company for use in connection with any Platform Content, which may include, without limitation, Custom Material, Brand Pages, Media Company Advertising Materials, and/or native advertising, and for the compliance of such Advertising Materials (including Advertiser’s permitted use of such Advertising Materials) with all Applicable Laws, including, without limitation, with respect to clearance (e.g. third party intellectual property rights), substantiation, and truthfulness of such Advertising Materials. For the purposes of these Product Terms, "Advertising Materials" shall have the meaning set forth in the IAB Terms, and shall also include any other materials Advertiser (or Agency on behalf of Advertiser) furnishes to Media Company for such use, including without limitation, written content, audio content, video assets, concepts, illustrations, photography, Advertiser’s trademarks, service marks, logos, and slogans, claims, Advertiser’s products and services (and all information related thereto), and any other creative materials. To the extent any individuals or talent are engaged by Advertiser and/or featured in the Advertising Materials provided by Advertiser or its Agency ("Advertiser-Supplied Talent") for use hereunder, Advertiser represents and warrants that it has secured all necessary rights, authorizations, and permissions for the use of such Advertiser-Supplied Talent as agreed by the parties in the applicable IO and as otherwise set forth herein. Advertiser grants Media Company a limited, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable, perpetual license to use and display its Advertising Materials as so incorporated in the Platform Content developed and distributed in accordance with the terms of the applicable IO. Advertiser has and retains all right, title and interest in and to the Advertising Materials, and any goodwill associated with use thereof shall at all times remain with and inure to the benefit of Advertiser. Furthermore, Advertiser shall be responsible to ensure that Platform Content which is created at the request of Advertiser, and approved by Advertiser, which relates to Advertiser’s products and services, are substantiated, truthful and don’t otherwise violate any Applicable Laws.
		3. **Approvals.** Advertiser (or Agency on Advertiser’s behalf) shall have a right of reasonable approval over the integration of their Advertising Materials within any Platform Content in accordance with any timelines and specifications as provided by Media Company. In all cases hereunder, (a) all approval rights are not for purposes of directing or editing the content or themes, but solely to assure that the Advertising Materials are used in good taste and that such use is not incompatible with Advertiser’s professional stature or brand; (b) Media Company shall not be obligated to re-submit later versions of content to Advertiser or Agency if no material changes have been made to such content; (c) approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by Advertiser/Agency, be used in any way to frustrate the intention of the parties, or require that Media Company undertake material changes to any content.
		4. **Disclosures.** Notwithstanding Advertiser’s obligations herein, Media Company shall have sole discretion in determining the form and content of any material connection disclosures required by Applicable Laws in connection with any of the Platform Content it publishes on its Sites (i.e. native advertising disclosures), in consultation with its legal counsel, provided that Advertiser or Agency shall inform Media Company of and be responsible for any required legal disclosures or disclaimers in connection with Advertiser’s products or services (including with respect to the form, content and placement of such disclosures).
		5. **Force Majeure.** In the event of a Force Majeure event, which shall include, for purposes of these Product Terms, any epidemic or pandemic, including any coronavirus (COVID-19) related disruptions affecting the performance of its obligations hereunder (e.g., resulting from a decision by Media Company to postpone and/or cancel in-person production services or any content campaigns due to any anticipated legal, compliance or brand risk in connection with COVID-19), then either party may cancel or postpone the affected services, production, or deliverables, provided that the parties will in good faith attempt to reschedule the affected services, production, or deliverables to a mutually convenient date, or, if no mutually convenient date can be agreed, then the parties will in good faith agree to a reallocation of the fees to alternative onsite media deliverables.
		6. **Liability.** Media Company will have no liability for Advertiser’s use of Platform Content contrary to the terms agreed-upon herein or in the applicable IO, and any instructions from Media Company, or in violation of Applicable Laws, and Advertiser will indemnify, defend and hold Media Company harmless for any claims that result from an actual or alleged violation of this section.
		7. **Guilds/Unions.** Media Company is not a signatory to SAG-AFTRA, WGA, DGA, IATSE, Teamsters, AFM or any other similar guild or union agreement ("Guild Agreements"), and no Platform Content will be produced under a Guild Agreement. Accordingly, Advertiser (and Agency, if applicable) agrees that under no circumstances will Media Company be liable for any fines, penalties, assessments or other fees payable to any guild or union.
8. **Contests/Sweepstakes/Promotions.**
	1. Unless otherwise approved by Media Company in writing (by a director level employee of Media Company), Advertiser shall not run contests, sweepstakes, or promotions, including without limitation, any charitable promotions such as commercial co-ventures, in connection with any media campaigns on the Sites, including for example, on any Brand Pages. If Media Company grants Advertiser the right to run a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion, then, as between Advertiser and Media Company, Advertiser (i) shall be solely responsible for all aspects of such contest, sweepstakes, or promotion, which shall in each case be subject to Media Company’s prior written approval; (ii) shall be the official sponsor of such contest, sweepstakes, or promotion; (iii) shall clearly disclose in any related Ads, Advertising Materials, and/or Brand Page that all content and information in such materials is provided by Advertiser and not by Media Company, and that Advertiser, and not Media Company, is responsible for the administration, execution, and fulfillment of the applicable contest, sweepstakes, or promotion described therein; (iv) shall comply with all Applicable Laws with respect to such contest, sweepstakes, or promotion (including, without limitation, as applicable, drafting promotion rules, which shall be subject to Media Company’s prior written approval; complying with any applicable registration, bonding, reporting, record-keeping and other requirements imposed by the contest, sweepstakes or charitable solicitation laws of any state; and including any disclosures in the Ads, Advertising Materials and/or Brand Pages required by applicable law and regulations, including those governing any cause-related marketing programs); and (v) shall indemnify Media Company and its Affiliates and Representatives from third party claims arising from such contest, sweepstakes, or promotion.
9. **Beta/Innovations Products.**
	1. From time to time, Media Company and its affiliates may access Advertiser accounts, including for purposes of product performance testing, troubleshooting and evaluation, which may result in some modifications or changes within Advertiser accounts or to Advertisers’ experiences, or campaigns. Media Company will use reasonable efforts to minimize disruption to Advertiser accounts resulting from Media Company’s access to the account and may, but is no under no obligation to provide Advertisers with advance notice of such account access. Should any disruption to an Advertiser’s account occur, Advertiser’s sole remedy is limited to makegoods or a reduction in fees proportionate to the impact of the disruption, as determined in Media Company’s sole discretion.  To help ensure the timeliness, effectiveness and validity of test results, Advertiser authorizes Media Company to conduct such tests without notice or compensation, except in the event of a disruption as set forth in the preceding sentence.
		2. Advertiser may also have the opportunity to receive new or experimental products, features, or services. To the extent Advertiser opts to receive new or experimental products, features, or services in connection with any of its Ad campaigns, Advertiser acknowledges and agrees that additional terms may apply and shall be included within the applicable IOs or UI with respect thereto. Any products, features, or services identified in the IO or UI as "Alpha" "Beta" or otherwise identified as being experimental or undergoing testing (e.g., "Pilot", "Test" or an "Evaluation") (collectively, "Beta/Innovation Products") will be served by Media Company and are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The forecasting, availability, function, and technical specifications, may vary and the impression amounts or share of voice (SOV) specified in the IO, if any, are only estimates and unguaranteed. Third party tracking is not available unless otherwise indicated by Media Company. If third party tracking opportunities are provided by Media Company, related placements and impressions will be billed solely based on Media Company’s reports and numbers. Beta and Innovation Products may be terminated by Media Company at any time. Agency and Advertiser may have the opportunity to provide suggestions, comments or ideas and report issues or problems related to Beta and Innovation Products to Media Company. Advertiser and Agency hereby agree to assign to Media Company all right, title and interest in and to any such feedback, without any right to compensation or other obligation from Media Company. Media Company will have no obligation to use any feedback that it may receive.
10. **Experimental Programs & Events.**
	1. If the campaign will involve Advertiser’s sponsorship of and/or participation in any sampling programs, or experiential events produced by Media Company ("Programs and Events"), the parties agree that the following terms will apply: Any Programs or Events shall be designated on the applicable IO and the details of such Programs and Events, and the benefits to be received by Advertiser, shall be communicated to Advertiser in writing (which may be in promotional materials and/or materials made accessible to Advertiser online). Such Programs and Events are provided "as is" and are not subject to customization or negotiation. In connection with such Programs and Events, Advertiser shall be responsible for securing all necessary rights, permissions, and authorizations with respect to any Advertising Materials (as defined above in these Product Terms) and/or Advertiser-Supplied Talent in connection with the Events, and shall acquire and maintain all appropriate insurance, licenses, registrations and approvals necessary to provide such elements in connection with the Programs and Events as contemplated by the parties. Advertiser shall abide by any restrictions set by Media Company with respect to the Programs and Events.
		- Advertiser shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Media Company, their Affiliates and Representatives, and each of their respective officers, directors, trustees, agents, employees and independent contractors, from each and every claim, loss, liability, damage, cost or expense of any kind (including without limitation attorneys’ or accountants’ fees and any amounts paid in settlement), resulting from or relating to Advertiser’s breach of these terms or any acts or omissions of the Advertiser, or its agents, vendors, guests, and/or attendees in connection with such Programs and Events.
				- Advertiser acknowledges and agrees that the parties may need to enter into additional terms with respect to certain Programs and Events, including, without limitation, for any Advertiser product sampling programs executed by Media Company, or its agents, on Advertiser’s behalf. In the event of any conflict between such other terms agreed to in a signed writing between the parties with respect to any Programs and Events and the terms herein, such other terms shall control.
11. **Added Value.**
	1. Media Company may, at its discretion, agree to provide Advertiser with Media Company Advertising Materials, Custom Material, or other items at no cost ("Added Value") only if designated as Added Value in the IO. Media Company may remove or adjust any Added Value at its sole discretion if: (a) Advertiser or Agency cancels any portion of the IO; and/or (b) such Added Value is not fully delivered as of the Media Campaign’s end date as specified in the applicable IO (except where a delay is caused solely by Media Company). The parties acknowledge and agree that Added Value is not subject to make-goods.
12. **Walmart Connect API License Advanced Insights Reports.**
	1. Media Company may provide an API Partner with Advance Insights Reports for the advertisers that have expressly authorized an API connection with that Partner. API Partner (i.e., the Developer identified in the API License) understands and agrees that the Advanced Insights Report shall only be used to inform an advertiser's media strategies and cannot be used for developing independent retail solutions.
13. **Use of Conversion Event Tracking Technologies/Conversion Data from Advertiser Properties.**
	1. These terms shall apply to the use of any Conversion Technologies (as defined herein) in connection with a Walmart Connect advertising campaign. “Conversion Technologies” means: (i) the Walmart Connect API, i.e., the application programming interface provided by Walmart Connect to Advertiser; (ii) any Walmart Tag, website interaction tracking script (including scripts injected during page load in the Walmart mobile app in-app browser), click-through URL, or other tracking technology placed on Advertiser’s owned and operated website or on other digital properties owned, operated, controlled, or made available by Advertiser (the “Advertiser Properties”) for the purpose of collecting Conversion Data; and (iii) any other batch transfer or other secure mechanism made available to Advertiser for the purpose of transmitting Conversion Data to Media Company. “Conversion Data” means any data regarding end-user actions or events, such as sign-ups, purchases, or other conversion events collected from Advertiser Properties. Access to the Walmart API is subject to the terms of the Walmart Connect API License, which must be accepted as part of the API Partner onboarding process. (For purposes of clarity, the Approved Purposes, as defined in the API License, shall include the Approved Purposes as defined herein, and Developer, as defined in the API License, shall include the Advertiser.) If the parties agree to leverage the Walmart Tag or SFTP, additional terms of use may apply.
		2. The Conversion Technologies are made available to Advertiser (or Agency or API Partner or other third party acting on their behalf, as applicable) for the following approved purposes (the “Approved Purposes”): (i) to enable the measurement of conversion events related to Advertiser’s campaign, as well as for campaign optimization, and reporting; (ii) to enable the targeting or retargeting of end users that engage with Advertiser’s campaigns; and (iii) any other purpose agreed upon in writing by the parties. Media Company reserves the right to make changes, updates, or discontinuations to the Conversion Technologies at any time, with or without notice. Media Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to inform Advertiser of material changes that may affect the planned use of the Conversion Technologies. Media Company may also suspend or discontinue access to the Conversion Technologies if, in its reasonable judgment, access to any of the foregoing or the performance of the Conversion Technologies would violate any Laws. Subject in each case to each party’s obligations under these terms, (x) Media Company grants Advertiser (or Agency or API Partner, as applicable) a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and revocable license to access and use the Conversion Technologies solely for the Approved Purposes, and (y) Advertiser (or Agency or API Partner as applicable) grant Media Company a limited, cancelable, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable, and royalty-free license to use the Conversion Data in connection with the Conversion Technologies to facilitate the Approved Purposes or otherwise to provide the Services.
		3. **Advertiser Obligations.** As a condition of using the Conversion Technologies, Advertiser, or any entity acting on its behalf, acknowledges and agrees that it will: (i) comply with all Laws and Walmart Policies in connection with its use of the Conversion Technologies; (ii) provide all required notices, obtain any necessary consents and/or maintain an active consent management process on the Advertiser Properties prior to collecting and transmitting the Conversion Data to Media Company; and (iii) hash or tokenize all Conversion Data prior to transmitting it to Media Company such that it cannot be readily used to identify an individual. Where required, Advertiser shall offer its consumers the right to (i) opt out of the disclosing of Personal Information for targeted marketing, and (ii) exercise data subject requests and shall ensure such opt outs/requests are appropriately honored and/or communicated to Media Company if applicable. Conversion Data will be considered data shared by the Advertiser with Media Company and subject to the terms applicable thereto in Section 32(e) of the Amended IAB Terms, and otherwise treated as Your Materials as defined under the Walmart Connect Ad Center Platform Terms of Use. Advertiser shall provide the Conversion Data in a form and format, and using the parameters, that comply with Walmart’s instructions. Advertiser will not directly or indirectly (i) attempt to interfere with any Walmart security features or the proper functioning or performance of the Conversion Technologies, (ii) distribute viruses or other malware through the Conversion Technologies, copy, reproduce, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any software or microcode of Media Company and its licensors, (iii) use or authorize the use of the Conversion Technologies for any purpose not permitted under these terms, (v) copy, sell, transfer, lease, lend, syndicate, or sub-syndicate the Conversion Technologies; or (vi) use the Conversion Technologies for gathering competitive intelligence, or to develop or improve a similar or competing product or service to the Conversion Technologies. Advertiser expressly permits and requests Media Company to automatically insert, inject, or place through other means Conversion Technologies on Advertiser Properties in any of the manners described herein if Advertiser elects to use Conversion Technologies in connection with its advertising campaigns. Advertiser will hold harmless Media Company from any negative impacts related to the placement of such Conversion Technologies on the Advertiser Properties, including but not limited to impacts to website load times, formatting, or functionality.
		4. **Media Company Obligations.** Media Company acknowledges and agrees that it will: (i) only use Conversion Data in connection with the performance of its services for Advertiser; and (ii) will not sell, lease, rent, sublicense, distribute, or transfer any Conversion Data, or otherwise use the Conversion Data outside of its relationship with Advertiser, unless agreed to in writing by Advertiser.
14. **Health and Wellness Advertising Attestation.**
	1. **Definitions.**
		- “Precise Geolocation Information” means information derived from technology, including but not limited to global positioning system level latitude and longitude coordinates or other mechanisms, that directly identifies the specific location of a natural person with precision and accuracy within a radius of 1,750 feet.
				- “Prohibited Products” means the list of products and services that cannot be present in your ad or promoted through the Services identified in the Walmart Connect Advertising Policies.
				- “Consumer Health Data” means personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a consumer and that identifies or reveals the consumer's past, present, or future physical or mental health status, and includes all information defined as health data or sensitive health data under the Rules (defined below).
				- “Services” means any of the products, services, or features available on Walmart Connect’s managed serve or self-serve platforms, e.g., the Walmart Ad Center, and Walmart Connect’s Demand Side Platform, also known as the Walmart DSP.
		2. **Legal Requirements.**
		- **Acknowledgement Related to the Use of Services.** Given the highly regulated nature of the health and wellness space, Walmart requires assurances from its Advertisers, that their use of the Services will be in compliance with all applicable Rules (as defined below). Advertiser acknowledges that it either manufactures, sells, distributes, or otherwise markets health and wellness related products and/or services, and that it is being given access to the Services. In using these Services, Advertiser agrees that it is solely responsible for building and executing advertising campaigns (including the selection and building of targetable audiences or segments) that comply with all applicable Rules.
				- **Sensitive Data and Health Inferences.** Advertiser agrees that it will not use or organize any data (including behavioral or past purchase data) that is made available to Advertiser via the Services (or submitted by Advertiser for use related to the Services), for the purpose of (i) drawing an inference related to Consumer Health Data, or(ii)targeting an audience or individual on the basis of an inference of Consumer Health Data. Advertiser will not and will not permit the use or organization of any information collected or accessed through the Services to generate inferences, audience models or other profiles at the individual, device or household level that meet the definition of Consumer Health Data. With respect to Advertiser’s access to any anonymized or de-identified data in connection with the Services, Advertiser shall (a) ensure that such de-identified or anonymized data cannot reasonably identify, relate to, describe, be capable of being associated with, or be linked, directly or indirectly, to a specific particular natural person, household, or device, (b) refrain from attempting to reidentify such de-identified or anonymized data; and (c) implement (i) technical safeguards that prevent reidentification of any such data of the consumer to whom the information may pertain; (ii) technical safeguards that prevent the unauthorized disclosure of such data; (iii) business processes that prohibit the reidentification of such data; and (iv) business processes that prohibit the unauthorized disclosure of such data.
				- **Compliance with Rules.** With respect to the use of the Services, Advertiser will comply with (i) all Applicable Laws, including without limitation, all laws regulating the collection, use and disclosure of Consumer Health Data; (ii) the Policies, including without limitation, Walmart Connect’s Health and Wellness and Targeting Policies, and Advertiser Created Naming Conventions Policies; and (ii) relevant industry standards, including but not limited to the NAI Health Targeting Best Practices ([https://thenai.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/NAI-Health-Targeting-Best-PracticesDocument-Final.pdf)](https://thenai.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/NAI-Health-Targeting-Best-PracticesDocument-Final.pdf\)), IAB guidelines ([https://www.iab.com/guidelines/)](https://www.iab.com/guidelines/\)), in each case, as superseded or amended (altogether, the “Rules”). Advertiser will notify Walmart at WMC\_Legal@email.walmart.com if it can no longer meet its obligations under the Rules.
				- **Walmart Approval.** To the extent that creative and/or targeting is submitted to Walmart for approval, Advertiser agrees to utilize only the pre-approved creative and targeting in the execution of the campaign using the Services (without modification of any kind). Notwithstanding any Walmart approval, Advertiser is still wholly responsible for its use of the Services and any creative and/or targeting related thereto, including with respect to compliance with the Rules.
		3. **Other Processing Requirements.** Advertiser understands and certifies that it will not and will not cause or assist any third party to: (i) Use the Service to advertise or promote items on the Prohibited Products list; (ii) Use Precise Geolocation Information without obtaining opt-in consent where required by the Rules, or otherwise for the purpose of targeting audiences for any unlawful purposes.
		4. **Due Diligence Requirements.** Advertiser will ensure that any employee, contractor, service provider or third party that accesses the Service on its behalf agrees with these terms or terms that are materially aligned with these terms. Walmart may take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate violations of these terms (e.g. suspension or termination of Advertiser’s access to the Services), and including through periodically tests and/or audits of Advertiser’s campaigns run through the Services.
		5. **Regulatory Support.** Advertiser will provide reasonable support to Walmart in obtaining information or materials requested by Walmart to sufficiently respond to regulatory inquiries about Advertiser’s use of the Services.

How can we improve?

 Article wasn't accurate

 Article wasn't relevant

 Article wasn't clear

 Yes, you may contact me about this feedback.

Loading

Knowledge Base