---
title: "Knowledge Base"
source: "https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?language=en_US&channel=Sponsored+Products&article=000010104"
author:
published:
created: 2026-04-13
description:
tags:
  - "clippings"
---
Loading

Loading

Loading

Loading

Sponsored Products

Loading

Loading

*Last updated October 15, 2025*  
  
This Walmart Connect Ad Center Platform Terms of Use (this " **Agreement** ") governs your access to and use of the Walmart Connect Ad Center, including the Sponsored Search and Product, and Display self-serve advertising platform provided by Walmart directly or through an agency or API partner (the " **Services** ").  
  
BY REGISTERING FOR OR BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE BUSINESS OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY YOU REPRESENT) AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THE WALMART POLICIES) WITHOUT CHANGE, AS THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE UPDATED FROM TIME TO TIME. YOU FURTHER REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT (1) ALL THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE AS PART OF THE REGISTRATION PROCESS WILL BE ACCURATE AND COMPLETE; (2) IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY, YOU HAVE THE REQUISITE RIGHT, POWER, AND AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THE ENTITY YOU REGISTER; AND (3) YOU ARE OF THE AGE OF MAJORITY AND LAWFULLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO CONTRACTS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR DO NOT HAVE THE RIGHT, POWER, AND AUTHORITY TO ENTER THIS AGREEMENT, WALMART DOES NOT GRANT YOU ANY RIGHT TO USE THE SERVICES AND YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.  

1. **Definitions**
	Certain capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement have the meanings set forth below, in Exhibit A of this Agreement.
2. **Use of the Walmart Connect Ad Center Services**
	1. Registration. The Services allow you to advertise and promote Your Products and Your Brand through Walmart Sites. In order to use the Services, you must complete Walmart’s designated registration process. As a part of the registration process, you must provide to Walmart all required information that may be requested by Walmart, including, without limitation, (i) Your Brand, and (ii) your (or your business’s) legal name, address, phone number, and email address. You may also be required to provide the Walmart Vendors IDs, GTINs or other identification numbers that correspond to the items that you want to target and measure through the Services. You will ensure that the information that you provide during the Services registration process and that is otherwise associated with your account, including your email address and other contact information and identification of Your Brand, is at all times complete, accurate, and up-to-date. All information provided by you (or on your behalf) during the registration process and your ownership of Your Brand is subject to verification by Walmart. Walmart reserves the right to reject your registration in its sole discretion. Walmart may make available features to allow you to import campaign or product details from third party platforms. These features are provided as a convenience to you and Walmart makes no representations or warranties with respect to these features and disclaims all liability in connection therewith. You are responsible for ensuring all information you import is accurate and complete.
		2. Your Ads. In connection with the Services, Walmart reserves the right to allow and to determine and control the placement and display of Your Ads on any Site in its sole discretion. Walmart will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver Your Ads to the audience you specify or to achieve the outcome you select, however Walmart does not guarantee (i) that Your Ads will be displayed on, or made available through, any Site, (ii) that Your Ads will appear in any particular position or rank on any Site, or (iii) that Your Ads will generate any value as a result of their placement in the Services. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(c), in the event you are billed for impressions, clicks or other deliverables not actually provided, your sole remedy will be a credit or refund, as determined in Walmart’s sole discretion.
		3. Campaign Modification and Cancellation.
		1. Display. Once confirmed, budget for campaigns and campaign ad groups (formerly line items) may not be paused indefinitely, eliminated, reduced or otherwise cancelled except as set forth in this Section 2(c). You may modify campaigns and campaign ad groups by either reducing or re-allocating budgets, so long as such campaigns or campaign ad groups are not scheduled to run within 14 days (i.e. action must be taken at least 14 days prior to the serving of the first impression, hereafter referred to as the "Modification Notice Period"). For clarity, this means that the budget for any campaigns or campaign ad groups running within 14 days may not be canceled, reduced or re-allocated. Campaigns or campaign ad groups that are scheduled to run more than 14 days after the date modifications are made may be reduced or reallocated. For clarity and by way of example, if you wish to reduce or reallocate the budget for a campaign ten (10) days prior to the scheduled start of the campaign, you will be responsible for the original budget for the first four (4) days of the impacted campaign. For the avoidance of doubt, you will remain responsible for original budget amounts during the Modification Notice Period, however you are not required to run the media associated with the impacted budget.  
			  
			In addition, campaigns may only be paused for up to three (3) days. Should you attempt to pause your campaign for longer than three days, your remaining campaign inventory may be released and you will be responsible for all budget fees consistent with the Modification Notice Period rules set forth above. Repeated campaign pauses or substantial budget reductions ("Abusive Practices") may be treated as abuse of the Services pursuant to Section 4(g). In addition to any other rights and remedies Walmart may have, should you repeat such Abusive Practices, Walmart may send notices to you (and enforce such notices should you not cease the Abusive Practices) that your use of the Services are suspended and your access is revoked.
				2. Sponsored Search and Product. You may pause or cancel a campaign at any time through the Services. For any cancelled campaign of Your Ads (1) you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees previously paid in connection with the cancelled campaign and (2) all fees accrued under this Agreement in connection with the cancelled campaign as of the date of termination will be deemed due and payable to Walmart.
3. **Scope and Modification of Terms**
	1. Terms Applicable to the Services. You must comply with all guidelines, rules, policies, and terms and conditions applicable to the Services that may be posted by or on behalf of Walmart on the Site or otherwise communicated by or on behalf of Walmart to you from time to time, including the Ad Policies found [here](https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?channel=Display&article=000009813), and the [Walmart Connect Product Terms](https://advertisinghelp.walmart.com/s/guides?channel=Sponsored&article=000010103) applicable to certain Walmart Connect Ad Center Services, which are incorporated herein by reference. Such guidelines, rules, policies, and terms and conditions, including those references through a hyperlink in this agreement, as amended from time to time by Walmart (collectively, " **Walmart Policies** "). The [Walmart Privacy Policy](https://corporate.walmart.com/privacy-security/walmart-privacy-policy) is incorporated in this Agreement by reference.
		2. Modification. Walmart may change the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including by introducing entirely new terms on subjects not previously addressed, at any time in its sole discretion. The changes will be effective upon posting of such updates on the Sites or by providing notice in a manner that Walmart reasonably determines to be appropriate. You are responsible for reviewing such postings and any applicable changes. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of the applicable changes. If you do not agree to any posted changes, your sole recourse is to cease accessing and using any Services.
		3. Order of Precedence. If there is any conflict between the Walmart Policies on the one hand, and this Agreement, on the other hand, this Agreement will prevail with respect to the Services.
4. **Access to the Walmart Connect Ad Center Platform**
	1. Your Materials. You will provide or make available Your Materials to Walmart in connection with the Services in the format and using the interface, feeds, APIs, or other mechanisms Walmart may require. You will ensure that Your Materials are complete, accurate, and up-to-date. You are responsible for making copies of all of Your Materials and Walmart will have no responsibility to maintain back-ups of Your Materials, and expressly disclaims any liability for loss of Your Materials or any information for any reason.
		2. Restrictions on Your Materials. You will ensure that Your Materials do not relate to, contain, or otherwise seek to advertise or promote any products or services that are prohibited by the Walmart Policies, and otherwise do not violate Walmart Policies. You covenant, represent, and warrant that Your Materials will not (i) be false, deceptive, inaccurate, or misleading; (ii) contain personally identifiable information or any other confidential information of yourself or others without prior written consent; (iii) violate any local, state, federal, or international laws, rules or regulations; (iv) infringe on or misappropriate the rights of others, including patents, copyrights, Trademarks, trade secrets, publicity or privacy rights; (v) be unlawful, obscene, derogatory, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by Walmart in its sole discretion; (vi) contain advertisements or solicitations to other web sites or individuals, without prior written permission from Walmart (or otherwise as allowed under Walmart Policies); (vii) contain content that promotes sweepstakes, contests, instant win games, or charitable co-venture programs without prior written permission from Walmart, unless in accordance with Walmart Policies (vii) contain or reference chain letters, multi-level marketing or pyramid schemes; (vii) impersonate another business, person or entity, including Walmart, its related entities, employees and agents; (viii) contain viruses or other harmful computer code; (ix) victimize, harass, degrade, or intimidate an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age or disability, or (x) be directed to children younger than 13 years of age.
		3. Restricted Conduct. You will not and represent and warrant that you will not engage or aid or abet in any fraudulent, impermissible, inappropriate, or unlawful activities in connection with the Services, whether directly or indirectly, including: (i) generating fraudulent, repetitive, or otherwise invalid clicks, impressions, queries, or other interactions, whether through the use of automated applications or otherwise; (ii) other than through reporting offered by Walmart under the Services, collecting any user information or Personal Information from any Site including through any of Your Ads or retrieving, extracting, indexing, or caching any portion of any Sites or services, whether through the use of automated applications or otherwise; (iii) engaging in any acts or practices that are unfair or deceptive in connection with Your Ads; (iv) interfering with the proper working of any Site, the Services, or Walmart’s systems; (iv) transmitting any viruses, "Trojan horses," or other harmful code; (v) violating any of the Walmart Policies or any other Walmart policy or applicable Law; or (vi) interfering with the use of the Walmart Sites by others, (vii) using the Walmart Services other than as permitted by this Agreement, or (viii) assisting others to do the foregoing or attempting to bypass any functionality or technical limitations Walmart may use to detect, prevent, or inhibit the foregoing activities;
		4. Your Account. You are solely responsible for maintaining accurate, current, and complete account information, for maintaining the secrecy of any account credentials and passwords used in connection with the Services, and for all activities that occur under your account. From time to time, Walmart may access your account, including for purposes of product testing, troubleshooting and evaluation. Walmart will use efforts to minimize any disruption to your account resulting from Walmart’s access to the account and may, but is no under no obligation to, provide you with advance notice of such account access. Should any disruption to your account occur, your sole remedy is limited to makegoods or a reduction in fees proportionate to the impact of the disruption, as determined in Walmart’s sole discretion.
		5. Authorized Users. Subject to Walmart’s consent (which Walmart may grant or withdraw at any time in Walmart’s sole discretion) and through the means as determined solely by us, you may authorize Authorized Users to access or use the Services on your behalf through an application program interface or other means as Walmart may designate from time to time. You will require each of your Authorized Users and service providers (if any), to be bound by all of the conditions and restrictions of this Agreement. All restrictions on your access and/or use of the Services include access and/or use of the Services by your Authorized Users and service provider(s) (if any). You will remain solely responsible and liable for (and Walmart has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) all acts and omissions (including any loss or damage that Walmart may suffer) of your Authorized Users, and your employees, contractors, service provider(s), and any other persons who may have access to the Services through you (whether or not such access is authorized by you or by Walmart), including any breaches of this Agreement. Any act or omission by your Authorized Users or service provider(s) amounting to a breach of this Agreement will be deemed a breach by you. Except as set forth in this Section, all license rights (under any applicable Intellectual Property Right) granted to you by Walmart are not sublicensable, transferable, or assignable. If Walmart provides you with unique login credentials for your Authorized Users or anyone else authorized to access the Services, you are responsible for all activity that occurs under the credentials associated with your account and credentials may not be shared. You must timely notify Walmart if an account should be disabled for any reason (e.g. due to termination of an employee or if access to the Services is no longer required of an employee). Accounts designated as admin accounts may directly create and remove Authorized User accounts within the Walmart Connect Ad Center platform or you may contact Walmart to request Authorized User accounts be created or removed.
		6. Changes to Services. Walmart reserves the right to modify or discontinue all or any portion of the Sites or the Services (or any portion thereof or functionality therein) for any or no reason, including modifications to the size, placement or other features of the advertising inventory offered through the Services, and Walmart bears no responsibility or liability for such changes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Walmart may, as your sole remedy and in its sole discretion, offer a makegood to you upon your request if Walmart makes a subsequent material modification to the size, placement or other feature of line items you have already confirmed. Walmart may at any time in its sole discretion and at any time without notice to you (i) re-design, modify, discontinue offering, or restrict access to any or all aspects of the Sites and the Services, (ii) remove you from the Sites or Services or suspend, reject, or remove any of Your Materials or Your Ads without notice, including the blocking or removing advertiser accounts and individual user accounts. Walmart reserves the right to release subsequent versions of the Services (or any portion thereof) and to require you to use the most recent version thereof, and it is your responsibility to ensure, at your own cost, that your access to and use of the Services is compatible with Walmart’s then-current requirements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Walmart may limit the availability of the Services to any geographical area or any language and make backwards incompatible changes to the Services. You acknowledge that Walmart and any of its Affiliates may participate in the Services to market any of Walmart’s or its Affiliates’ products and services.
		7. Monitoring; Enforcement of Terms. Walmart has the sole right (but not the obligation) and discretion to monitor your usage of the Service to verify compliance with this Agreement. Walmart may take enforcement actions against you if Walmart determines in its sole judgment that you or any of your Authorized Users (i) violate this Agreement, (ii) abuse the Sites, Services or the policies that govern use of the Sites and Services; (iii) have a security deficiency, or (iv) may otherwise threaten or damage the reputation of any Walmart Party. Enforcement actions include, without limitation and as appropriate: (1) disabling, removing, suspending or restricting your or your Authorized Users’ access to the Sites and/or the Services at the advertiser level and individual user level; (2) terminating some or all of Walmart’s agreements with you; and (3) performing any other action as Walmart in its reasonable discretion deems appropriate. Walmart will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide appropriate notice to you in connection with any enforcement actions that it takes. In the event Walmart suspends or disables access to an account, any scheduled media associated with that account will be subject to cancellation.
		8. Use of an API Partner. If you access the Services through an API partner, you acknowledge and agree that Walmart is not responsible for, and express disclaims any and all liability for the services that may be performed by the API partner. API partners are third party vendors of Walmart and you are responsible for doing your own diligence before engaging with any third party for the provision of services. Your use of the Services via an API partner may be subject to additional terms and conditions with the API partner as a condition of onboarding to the Services with such partner. To the extent there is any conflict between this Agreement and the terms of any API partner, this Agreement will govern as between you and Walmart.
		9. Automated Rules. The Services may allow you to set automated rules to increase or decrease bids and budgets associated with your campaigns. By setting automated rules for your campaigns, you authorize Walmart to modify your campaigns in connection with those rules and to charges you the associated fees incurred as result of implementing those rules. You remain responsible for your campaigns and Walmart makes no representations that use of the automated rules will result in any particular campaign outcome or performance.
5. **Grant of Rights and Restrictions**
	1. Access License. Subject to and conditioned on your compliance with this Agreement, Walmart hereby grants to you, under Walmart’s Intellectual Property Rights in and to Walmart Services, a limited, revocable, non‑transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive license during the Term to use and access the Services solely to the extent necessary to advertise on Walmart.com and the Walmart mobile application by creating and managing campaigns, onboarding SKUs to be sponsored or displayed, building creative assets, and tracking performance reporting in the United States (" **Approved Purposes** "). Use of the Services by you for purposes other than the Approved Purposes requires Walmart’s prior written consent which may be withheld or later withdrawn in Walmart’s sole discretion. Except with respect to authorized access via a Walmart approved or provided API, any access to the Services through automated means, including, without limitation, scraping, using software, bots or any other tool is prohibited.
		2. License to Your Materials. By submitting, posting, or displaying Your Materials in or through the Services, you grant the Walmart Parties a royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, excerpt, analyze, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non‑commercially exploit in any manner, any and all of Your Materials for the purpose of enabling Walmart to provide you with the Services in accordance with this Agreement and to promote the Services. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that Your Ads may be incidentally captured in photographs and/or recordings taken by or on behalf of Walmart to portray the Walmart Connect Ad Center, and used in Walmart materials created for promotional, archival, historical, and reference purposes. You agree that the foregoing promotional uses shall not require any approval by you, constitute an infringement of your intellectual property, or give rise to any claim by you for a breach hereof, provided that Walmart agrees to remove any such uses upon your reasonable written request.
		3. Restrictions on Use of Walmart Brands. You are not permitted to use any name, logo, Trademark, or trade name of Walmart in any publicity release, promotional material, advertising, marketing, or business-generating effort, whether written or oral, without obtaining Walmart’s prior written consent, which may be withheld in Walmart’s sole discretion.
		4. Feedback. If you provide any Walmart Party with Feedback, then such Feedback may be utilized by the Walmart Parties without any limitation or obligation to you. The Walmart Parties will be free to use, disclose, reproduce, modify, sublicense, transfer, distribute, and exploit Feedback in any manner. You agree not to disclose feedback to any third party and hereby assign to Walmart all right, title and interest in and to any feedback, without any right to compensation or other obligation from Walmart.
6. **Proprietary Rights**
	1. Walmart's Rights. As between you and Walmart, Walmart and its licensors own all right, title, and interest (including all Intellectual Property Rights) in and to the Walmart Materials. All rights not expressly granted to you under this Agreement are reserved by Walmart and/or its licensors, and you do not have (and will not assert) any licenses or other rights (implied or otherwise) except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.
		2. Your Proprietary Rights. As between you and Walmart, you retain all right, title, and interest in and to Your Materials, except for Walmart Materials that may be incorporated in or used by Your Materials. Except for such Walmart Materials, Walmart claims no ownership over Your Materials, and you retain the copyright and any other rights you already hold in Your Materials. You, and not Walmart, are responsible for all obligations, risks, liabilities, and other aspects related to Your Materials and your use of the Services, and any other materials that you or your Authorized Users upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit using the Services. You represent and warrant that: (i) Your Materials do not infringe or misappropriate, and will not infringe or misappropriate, any Intellectual Property Rights or proprietary or other right of any third party or violate any applicable Laws; (ii) Your Materials are not subject to any restrictions on disclosure, transfer, download, export, or re-export under any applicable Law; and (iii) Your Materials, Your Ads and any claims contained therein, including without limitation, those about you, your products or services, or any of your competitors, are accurate, truthful and not false or misleading, and you have in your possession adequate and sufficient substantiation for all such claims as required by applicable Laws, and the past usage of the same or similar claims has occurred without, to your knowledge, any objections by the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any other local, state or federal government agency; and (c) any of your brand site(s) to which Your Ads direct consumers (including the services or products therein) shall not be operated in or encourage violation of any applicable Laws.
7. **Fees**  
	Fees will be determined solely by Walmart’s metrics. Walmart will track delivery of Your Ads through its ad servers and such measurements will be used for all fees due for the Services. Walmart may invoice you for amounts due as set forth on the Services platform or otherwise in accordance with an advertising agreement between you and Walmart. Walmart reserves the right to deduct amounts due for the Services from any amounts owed by Walmart to you under any other agreements between you to Walmart, charge you for invoice amounts due using any credit card or other valid payment method associated with your account, or otherwise collect payment through any other payment methods Walmart may make available to you. You authorize Walmart to charge or debit any payment method (including a credit card, debit card or other electronic payment method) linked to your account for unpaid fees. For the avoidance of doubt, you are authorizing Walmart to charge or debit fees due to any credit card, debit card or other payment method linked to your account on the date you register for the Services or any credit card, debit card or other payment method added to your account thereafter.
8. **Privacy & Data Protection**
	1. Walmart Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information collected from or about you or your Authorized Users as described in the then‑current Privacy Policy, including cross-border transfers as described in the Privacy Policy. You will ensure that any Authorized User who accesses the Services has been presented with and agrees to the Privacy Policy, and you will obtain any consents from Authorized Users necessary to permit Walmart to collect Personal Information from such Authorized Users. You additionally represent and warrant that neither you nor any Authorized User is a resident of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Walmart reserves the right to block the Services from anyone attempting to access the Services from the EEA.
		2. Services Data. Without limiting anything in this Agreement, You will maintain Services Data in the strictest confidence and protect it using all reasonable and necessary security measures. As between you and Walmart, all right, title, and interest in and to any Services Data will be owned by Walmart. You may (i) only use the Services Data to evaluate the performance of the Services solely for your internal purposes; (ii) except as expressly provided in this Agreement, not, and may not allow any third party to, use, distribute, disclose, sell, license, or otherwise monetize Services Data in any manner; and (iii) not create, collect, receive, access, or use the Services Data in violation of any applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing and by way of example without limitation, you are not permitted to (i) publish or otherwise disclose Services Data, (i) use or store any personal identifiers (e.g. IP address, cookies, device IDs, etc.) arising of the Services Data for any purpose, (i.e. information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual or household, including an individual’s device), (ii) create profiles of users arising from the Services Data, (iii) use Services Data for any retargeting, repurposing or other internet based advertising purposes (in addition to any other data usage restrictions herein); or (iv) create, categorize or re-target data segments arising out of the Services Data. To the extent that any Services Data you receive is aggregated or anonymized in any way, you will not attempt to re-identify such de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data (including by combining such Services Data with other data that You may have). You agree that Walmart shall have the right to review and audit any records, data and/or supporting documentation pertaining to the performance and compliance of your obilgations relating to your use or collection of Services Data.
		3. To the extent requested by You, Walmart will determine which, if any, third party Tags may be used by you solely for the purpose of tracking impressions, conversion, fraud screening, viewability, invalid traffic, brand safety and view-time data for Your Ads delivered hereunder and only on Walmart Site locations approved by Walmart. In no event may you place Tags on any Walmart Site locations directed to children under the age of sixteen (16) and you are not permitted to collect any data from individuals located outside the United States. You are not permitted to collect data for any other purpose without Walmart’s prior written approval.
		4. In no event will you be permitted to use or knowingly engage others to use: (1) Locally Shared Objects/Flash Cookies (LSO/FSO) or Document Object Model (DOM) storage; (2) any JavaScript or similar technologies to ascertain the web browsing history of a user; (3) any Tags or other technologies that "respawn" a user’s cookies (including but not limited to HTML5 local storage, browser cache) after the user has deleted cookies using standard browser settings or which otherwise circumvent user-expressed privacy/data collection preferences; (4) Tags that enable any third or fourth party website access without written approval of Walmart; or (5) any Tags or other technologies that do not provide users with an opportunity to control the use of such technologies. Walmart may monitor your use of all Tags to ensure that you comply with these requirements and prohibitions.
		5. You will maintain a privacy policy posted to your websites that accurately describes and discloses (i) your privacy practices; (ii) the usage of third-party technology; and (iii) the data collection and usage resulting from the Services, provided that the privacy policy need not identify Walmart or any Service unless required by law; and complies with applicable Laws. You will adhere to your stated privacy practices at all times, including in connection with any data collected by you through Your Ads.
9. **Confidential Information**
	1. Confidential Information. You agree that: (i) all Confidential Information will remain Walmart’s exclusive property; and (ii) you will not (and will not permit anyone else to) (1) use any Confidential Information except as necessary for performance of your obligations and exercise of your rights under this Agreement or (2) disclose any Confidential Information to anyone other than your Authorized Users who need to know such Confidential Information for such purposes. To safeguard the Confidential Information, you will exercise the same degree of care employed by you to prevent the unauthorized use and disclosure of your own confidential information, but in no event employing less than reasonable degree of care.
		2. Exceptions. Except with respect to Services Data, Confidential Information does not include information which: (i) is rightfully received by you from a third party without restriction on use or disclosure; (ii) is developed by you independently without use of the Confidential Information; or (iii) is or becomes generally known to the public other than as result of a breach by you of this Agreement (or other obligation of you to any Walmart Party). In addition, you may disclose Confidential Information to the extent the disclosure has been approved in advance for release by written authorization of Walmart.
		3. Injunctive Relief. Your breach or threatened breach of Section 8 or 9 may cause Walmart irreparable harm and significant injury, the amount of which may be difficult to estimate and ascertain, thus making inadequate any remedy at Law or in damages. Therefore, Walmart is entitled to injunctive relief from any court of competent jurisdiction to enjoin any threatened or actual breach of this Agreement and any other relief that such court deems appropriate, in addition to any other remedy or remedies available at Law or in equity.
10. **Term and Termination**
	1. Term. This Agreement will become effective on your acceptance of this Agreement and the term will extend until it is terminated or expires as described in this Section 10.
		2. Termination. Walmart may immediately terminate this Agreement and/or discontinue the Service or any portion or feature for any reason and at any time upon notice to you without liability or other obligation to you. You may terminate this Agreement by providing prior written notice of your intent to terminate the Agreement. Your termination of this Agreement is subject to the Campaign Modification and Cancellation provisions set forth in Section 2(c).
		3. Effect of Termination. When this Agreement expires or is terminated, all rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement, including your access to the Services, will end, except that (i) fees accrued in connection with the Services as of the date of termination, if any, all interest thereon, and costs of collection must be paid and (ii) you must immediately destroy any copies of the Confidential Information, and other Walmart Materials in your (including your Authorized Users’) possession, custody, or control with the exception of any reports provided by Walmart or data collected directly by you through your ads placed using the Services. The following provisions of this Agreement will survive expiration or earlier termination and continue to apply indefinitely: 12, 13, 14, 16.
11. **Your Representations**

You represent and warrant to Walmart that: (a) if you are a business or other legal entity, you are a business or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the country in which your business or other legal entity is registered, and you are registering for or using the Services within such country; (b) you have all requisite right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform your obligations and grant the rights, licenses, and authorizations you grant hereunder; and (c) you and all of your subcontractors, agents, and suppliers will comply with all applicable Laws in connection with your use of the Services and in your performance of your obligations and exercise of your rights under this Agreement. You also make the representations and warranties set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, including without limitation, Sections 4, 6, 15, and 16.

1. **Exclusion of Walmart’s Warranties**

THE SITES AND THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL SOFTWARE, FUNCTIONS, MATERIALS, AND INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE ON OR PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." WALMART PARTIES MAKE NO, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND TO ANY PARTY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED (EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW), OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITES, THE SERVICES, THE EFFICACY OF THE SERVICES OR THE CONTROLS OR FEATURES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY FUNCTIONALITY PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ALL WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. WALMART PARTIES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES ARE OR WILL BE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN ANY PARTICULAR JURISDICTION. THIS SECTION WILL BE ENFORCEABLE TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW. NO INFORMATION OR ADVICE (WHETHER WRITTEN, ORAL, OR OTHERWISE), PROVIDED BY WALMART PARTIES OR THEIR REPRESENTATIVES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY AFFECT THE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT. WHILE WALMART HAS SYSTEMS THAT ATTEMPT TO DETECT CERTAIN CLICK ACTIVITY ON ITS SITES, WALMART IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR CLICK FRAUD, TECHNOLOGICAL ISSUES OR OTHER POTENTIALLY INVALID ACTIVITY THAT MAY IMPACT YOUR CAMPAIGN.

1. **Limitation of Liability**

THE WALMART PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY), OR OTHERWISE) TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR COST OF COVER, RECOVERY, OR RECOUPMENT OF ANY INVESTMENT MADE BY YOU OR YOUR AFFILIATES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE, BUSINESS, OR DATA OR PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SERVICES, EVEN IF THE WALMART PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE COSTS OR DAMAGES. FURTHER, THE WALMART PARTIES’ AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED AT ANY TIME THE TOTAL AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO WALMART UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE PARTICULAR SERVICES DURING THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.  

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ALL RIGHTS UNDER SECTION 1542 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF CALIFORNIA AND ANY SIMILAR LAW OF ANY STATE OR JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVED BY YOU. SECTION 1542 READS AS FOLLOWS:  

"CERTAIN CLAIMS NOT AFFECTED BY A GENERAL RELEASE. A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY."  

1. **Indemnification**

You release the Walmart Parties and agree to indemnify and hold harmless (and, at Walmart’s request, defend) the Walmart Parties from and against any and all costs, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, and expenses (including reasonable fees of attorneys and other professionals), arising out of or in connection with any Claim which in any way may result from or arise in any manner out of: (a) your participation in or use of the Services, including Your Ads and reporting offered by Walmart under the Services; (b) your actual or alleged breach of any representation, warranty, or obligation in this Agreement or the Walmart Policies; (c) your violation of the privacy or publicity rights of any individual or entity or failure to comply with the privacy or data protection Laws; (d) Your Materials, any actual or alleged infringement or misappropriation of any Intellectual Property Rights or other rights by you or any of Your Materials, and any personal injury, death, or property damage related thereto; (e) your failure to pay any fees for rights, including public performance, guild or union fees, or other fees associated with Your Ads or Your Materials; (f) the pages and sites to which Your Ads link, or (g) use of any products sold through Your Ads or through pages or sites to which they link. Furthermore, if you are an Agent, you release the Walmart Parties and agree to indemnify and hold harmless (and, at Walmart’s request, defend) the Walmart Parties from and against any and all costs, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, and expenses (including reasonable fees of attorneys and other professionals), arising out of any Claim related to any actual or alleged breach of your representations, warranties, or obligations set forth in Section 15. You or Your Agent, if applicable, will, if requested by Walmart, use counsel reasonably satisfactory to Walmart to defend each indemnified Claim. If Walmart asks you to defend a Claim, Walmart will have the right to participate in the defense of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing. If at any time Walmart reasonably determines that any indemnified Claim might adversely affect Walmart, Walmart may take control of the defense at Walmart’s expense. You may not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement of a Claim without Walmart’s prior written consent.  

1. **Agents**

If you are an Agent, you hereby represent, warrant, and covenant as follows: (a) you have been appointed as an agent of an advertiser under this Agreement (an "Advertiser"), that you are duly authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of Advertiser and have full power and authority to bind Advertiser to all terms and conditions contained in this Agreement; (b) all of your actions related to this Agreement and the Services will be within the scope of such agency, and this Agreement will be enforceable against Advertiser in accordance with its terms; (c) you will, upon Walmart’s request, provide Walmart written confirmation of the agency relationship between you and Advertiser; (d) you will not make any representation, warranty, promise, or guarantee about the Services, Walmart, or your relationship with Walmart; (e) you will perform your duties pursuant to the Agreement in a professional manner consistent with any requirements Walmart may establish; (f) you will not at any time use information received in connection with the Agreement (including Confidential Information) to conduct any marketing efforts targeted at Walmart’s existing advertisers and/or Advertisers; and (g) you will abide by all restrictions applicable to the Advertiser under this Agreement (including confidentiality and privacy obligations). Upon Walmart’s reasonable request, Agent will confirm whether and when Advertiser has paid to Agent funds sufficient to make payments pursuant to this Agreement.  

1. **General Legal Terms**
	1. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of California (and, to the extent controlling, the federal Laws of the United States), which will govern without reference to the conflicts-of-Laws rules thereof. The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act will not apply to (and are excluded from the Laws governing) this Agreement.
		2. Export Control. Your (including your Authorized Users') access to and use of the Services are subject to compliance with the Export Control Laws. You will be solely responsible for your (including your Authorized Users') compliance with the Export Control Laws and monitoring any modifications to them. You represent and warrant that: (i) you (including all of your Authorized Users) are not a citizen of, or located within, a nation that is subject to U.S. trade sanctions or other significant trade restrictions; (ii) you (including your Authorized Users) are not identified on any U.S. government restricted party lists (including the U.S. Treasury Department’s List of Specially Designated Nationals and Other Blocked Persons, the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Denied Party List, Entity List, and Unverified List, and the U.S. Department of State’s proliferation‑related lists); (iii) you (including your Authorized Users) will not, unless otherwise authorized under the Export Control Laws, use the Services or the Sites in any restricted end use, including design, analysis, simulation, estimation, testing, or other activities related to nuclear, chemical/biological weapons, rocket systems, or unmanned air vehicles applications; (iv) no part of Your Materials is subject to any restriction on disclosure, transfer, download, export, or re-export under the Export Control Laws; and (v) you and your financial institution(s) are not subject to sanctions or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties or owned or controlled by such a party, including but not limited to the lists maintained by the United Nations Security Council, the U.S. Government, the European Union or its member states, or other applicable government authority; and (vi) you will not directly or indirectly export, re-export, transmit, or cause to be exported, re-exported, or transmitted, any commodities, software, or technology to any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity to which such export, re-export, or transmission is restricted or prohibited, including any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity under sanctions or embargoes administered by the United Nations, U.S. Departments of State, Commerce, or Treasury, or any other applicable government authority. You (including your Authorized Users) will not use the Services to disclose, transfer, download, export, or re‑export, directly or indirectly, Your Materials, third-party content, or any other content or material to any country, entity, or other party which is ineligible to receive such items under the Export Control Laws or under other Laws to which you (including any of your Authorized Users) may be subject.
		3. General. The parties’ relationship to each other under this Agreement is strictly that of independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement will in any way constitute or be construed as evidence of intent to establish any association, partnership, joint venture, or other relationship. Each of the parties will be responsible for covering its costs and expenses in performing its duties and exercising its rights under this Agreement, unless expressly provided otherwise herein. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of this Agreement and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. The section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not be given any substantive effect. When used in this Agreement, "includes" or "including" will be deemed to mean "including but not limited to" or "include but are not limited to." Unless the context or construction otherwise requires, all words applied in the plural will be deemed to have been used in the singular, and vice versa. A party may only waive its rights under this Agreement by a written document executed by both parties. Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision hereof. You may not assign or transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise) any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without Walmart’s prior written consent. Walmart may freely assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement. Any unauthorized assignment or transfer will be void.
		4. Force Majeure. Excluding payment obligations, neither you nor Walmart will be liable for delay or default in the performance of either of our respective obligations under this Agreement if such delay or default is caused by conditions beyond the party’s reasonable control, including, but not limited to, fire, flood, accident, earthquakes, telecommunications line failures, electrical outages, network failures, acts of God, or labor disputes ("Force Majeure event"). If Walmart suffers such a delay or default, Walmart will make reasonable efforts within five (5) business days to recommend a substitute transmission for the impacted campaign or time period for the impacted campaign. If no such substitute time period or makegood is reasonably acceptable to you, Walmart will charge you only for the campaign up until the time of the Force Majeure event with no further obligation to you. If a Force Majeure event has continued for five (5) business days, Walmart and/or you have the right to cancel the remainder of the impacted campaign without penalty.
		5. Notices. Notices in connection with this Agreement by either party will be in writing. Your notices will be sent by postal service or a delivery service (such as UPS, FedEx, or DHL). Notices from Walmart to you may be sent by postal service, a delivery service, or email. Notices from Walmart to you will be effective: (a) in the case of notices by email, one (1) day after sending to the email address provided to Walmart; or (b) in the case of notices by mail or delivery service, five (5) days after sending by regular post or delivery service to the address provided to Walmart. Walmart will send all notices and other communications regarding this Agreement and the Services to you at the email address you specify during the registration process for the Services, through the Walmart Connect Ad Center platform, or by any other means then specified by Walmart. You will be deemed to have received all notifications, approvals, and other communications sent to that email address, even if the email address associated with your account is no longer current. Communication with you (including your Authorized Users) will often take place via an email to the contact email address registered to your account. You must ensure that your email address is current and that you do not filter out any such messages. You consent to service of process being effected on you by registered mail sent to your last address known by Walmart, if so permitted by applicable Law.
		6. Communications. When you send emails to Walmart, you are communicating with Walmart electronically. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications electronically from Walmart and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Walmart provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
		7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Walmart Policies) contains the entire agreement between you and Walmart with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Walmart with respect to the Services.

  
Exhibit A – Definitions

1. **Definitions**

As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:

1. 1. " **Advertiser** " means any person or entity registered for use of the Services.
		2. " **Affiliate** " means with respect to any entity, any other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such entity.
		3. " **Agent** " means an advertising agency or other person or entity that represents an Advertiser as its agent.
		4. " **Approved** **Purposes** " has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).
		5. " **Authorized** **Users** " means your individual employees and independent contractors, or other entities, which access and use the Services on your behalf.
		6. " **Claim** " means any legal claim, suit, or proceeding.
		7. " **Confidential** **Information** " means any information, data, and materials of Walmart (i) designated by Walmart as confidential or proprietary (whether in writing or otherwise); (ii) related to Walmart’s business or operations; (iii) received by you during the course of your registration for or use of the Services, including information relating to Walmart or to the Services, including all Services Data, that is not known to the general public; or (iv) received by you by virtue of your relationship with Walmart, including customer information, product plans, product designs, product costs, product prices, product names, finances, marketing plans, business opportunities, personnel, research, development, customer data, or know-how.
		8. " **Content** " means copyrightable works under applicable Law.
		9. " **COPPA** " means the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-6506) and any regulations promulgated thereunder.
		10. " **Electronic** **Communication** " includes email messages, phone communications, text messages, and any other form of non-verbal communication occurring without the use of physical mail.
		11. " **Export** **Control** **Laws** " means United States and other applicable countries’ export control and trade sanctions Laws, including the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of the Treasury.
		12. " **Feedback** " means any suggestions, proposals, ideas, contributions, or other information provided by you (whether or not or through your Authorized Users) to Walmart regarding the Services or the Sites (including any related Technology or Content).
		13. " **Intellectual Property Right** " means any patent, Trademark, copyright, domain name, trade secret right, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right arising under any Laws and all related rights, including all rights of registration and renewal and causes of action for violation, misappropriation, or infringement of any of the foregoing.
		14. " **Laws** " or " **Law** " means any declaration, decree, directive, legislative enactment, order, ordinance, regulation, rule, law, or other requirement of or by any governmental authority, including COPPA and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
		15. " **Personal Information** " has the meaning set forth in the Privacy Policy.
		16. " **Privacy Policy** " means Walmart’s Privacy Policy, available at [http://corporate.walmart.com/privacy-security/walmart-privacy-policy](https://corporate.walmart.com/privacy-security/walmart-privacy-notice) (as may be updated by Walmart from time to time).
		17. " **Services Data** " means all data or information collected, received, or derived by you in connection with the Services whether in isolation from, combination with, or association with any other data or information, including all reporting offered by Walmart under the Services, including any information collected through approved Tags.
		18. " **Site** " means the Walmart website or portal which provides access to the Services and related information. "Site" also includes (i) any other related website or portal designated by Walmart from time to time; (ii) any website or other online point of presence operated by Walmart; and/or (iii) any other website, device, service, application, feature, or online point of presence through which the Site, any website of any of Walmart’s Affiliates, and/or products or services (including the Services) available thereon are syndicated, offered, merchandised, advertised, or described.
		19. " **Tag** " means code (e.g. HTML) or a web beacon (e.g., pixel tag, clear GIF) or any other tag, cookie, algorithm, insight engine, Adobe Flash local shared object, HTML5 local stage, computer code or other technology capable of collecting, inferring, or storing information about individual users, persons, households or devices.
		20. " **Technology** " means any: (i) ideas, concepts, procedures, methods of operation, processes, systems, principles and discoveries protected or protectable under the Laws of any jurisdiction; (ii) interfaces, protocols, libraries, structured XML formats, specifications, data formats, or other similar materials; and (iii) software, hardware, code, technology, computer programs, or other functional item. For avoidance of doubt, Technology does not include "Your Product."
		21. " **Trademark** " means any trademark, service mark, trade dress, trade name, other proprietary logo or insignia, or any other source or business identifier, protected or protectable under any Laws.
		22. " **Walmart Parties** " means Walmart and its Affiliates; its and their licensors and other suppliers; and the respective officers, directors, employees, and other agents of Walmart and its Affiliates and such licensors and other suppliers.
		23. " **Walmart** " means Walmart, Inc., on behalf of itself and its Affiliates.
		24. " **Walmart Materials** " means the Services, the Sites, the Confidential Information, and any other content, data or materials provided or used in connection with, or generated by, the Services, together with any related Intellectual Property Rights.
		25. " **Walmart Policies** " has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).
		26. " **Your Ad** " means each advertisement delivered in connection with your use of the Services.
		27. " **Your Brand** " means each brand, including any associated Trademarks, registered to use the Services.
		28. " **Your Materials** " means all Technology, Your Trademarks, Content, information, data, photographs, images, videos, copy and other written content, and other materials and items provided or made available by you or your Affiliates to Walmart, including for display in Your Ads, and includes anything created by you or your Affiliates using the Services. Your Materials do not include any Walmart Materials.
		29. " **Your Product** " means any product or service that you: (i) offer through the Walmart Site; or (ii) advertise through Your Ads.
		30. " **Your Trademarks** " means Trademarks of yours that you provide to us: (i) in non-text form for branding purposes; and (ii) separate from (and not embedded or otherwise incorporated in) any product specific information or materials.

How can we improve?

 Article wasn't accurate

 Article wasn't relevant

 Article wasn't clear

 Yes, you may contact me about this feedback.

Loading

Knowledge Base